github/pr-template: add checkbox for image differences (#8)
flatcar-linux/.github: .github/pull_request_template.md

[Describe the testing you have done before submitting this PR. Please include both the commands you issued as well as the output you got.]

- [ ] Changelog entries added in the respective `changelog/` directory (user-facing change, bug fix, security fix, update)

> - [ ] Inspected CI output (Image differences, package updates) for any missing binaries, config files, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Inspected CI output for image differences: `/boot` and `/usr` size, packages, list files for any missing binaries, kernel modules, config files, kernel modules, etc.
```
